As of Version  4.8, July, 2010, the Silo source  code is now available
under the standard BSD Open Source License. See COPYRIGHT file for BSD
notice.

The source code for two  compression libraries which have been part of
previous  releases of  the Silo  library  is  not available  under the
terms of  the BSD Open  Source license. These  are the Hzip  and FPzip
compression libraries.

For this  reason, two different releases  of the Silo  source code are
made available. One  is the BSD Open Source  release identified by the
moniker   'bsd'  in   the  distribution   file  names.   For  example,
silo-4.8-bsd.tar.gz   is  the  name  of a  BSD  Open   Source  release
distribution of Silo.  The other is a non-Open  Source release of Silo
under the  same licensing terms  that all previous releases  have been
made. We call this other release a /legacy/ release.  The legacy terms
are repeated, below, for convenience.

   ------------------------------------------------------------------
   Copyright (c) 1994-2010, Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
   All rights reserved. This work was produced at Lawrence Livermore
   National Laboratory under Contract No. DE-AC52-07NA27344 with the
   DOE.

                             DISCLAIMER

   This work was prepared as an account of work sponsored by an
   agency of the United States Government. Neither the United States
   Government nor the University of California nor any of their
   employees, makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any
   liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or
   usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process
   disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately-
   owned rights. Reference herein to any specific commercial products,
   process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer or
   otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement,
   recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or the
   University of California. The views and opinions of authors
   expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the
   United States Government or the University of California, and shall
   not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.

                   NOTIFICATION OF COMMERCIAL USE

   Commercialization of this  product is prohibited without notifying
   the Department of Energy (DOE) or Lawrence Livermore National
   Laboratory (LLNL).
   ----------------------------------------------------------------

The BSD Open Source release  distributions do not contain the Hzip and
FPzip compression libraries while the legacy release distributions do.
This  means any objects  within a  Silo file  containing data  that is
compressed with Hzip  or FPzip from a legacy  distribution will not be
readable  in a BSD  distribution. Since  compression features  must be
explicitly turned on by a  Silo application, this impact can be easily
mitigating by  ensuring that Hzip and FPzip compression are  used only
for objects within Silo files not intended to be read by BSD releases.

For more  information on availability  of Hzip and  FPzip compression,
contact the developer, Peter Lindstrom, lindstrom2@llnl.gov.
